.TH "PIXELIZE" "1" "January 2020" "pixelize 2.0.0" "User Commands"
.SH "NAME"
pixelize - Create an image consisting of many small images
.br
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBpixelize \fR[OPTIONS] [image_file]
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBpixelize\fR is a program that will use many scaled down images to try to duplicate, as closely as possible, another image.
.br

\fBpixelize\fR  works by splitting up the image you want rendered (or duplicated) into a grid of small rectangular areas. Each area is  analyzed, and  replaced  with  an  image chosen from a large database of images. \fBpixelize\fR tries to pick images that best matches each area.
.br

Note: Before running \fBpixelize\fR you have to create an image database  (a file called \fBpic_db.dat\fR) using the \fBmake_db\fR(1) utility.
.br
.SH "OPTIONS"
Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options too.
.br

Application options :
.br
  -i, --in=file_name          Input file name
.br
  -o, --out=file_name         Output file name
.br
  -m, --mode                  Command line mode
.br
.SH "FILES"
\fBpic_db.dat\fR
.br
			File containing a database of all pictures \fBpixelise\fR is going to use to match and replace against areas of the processed image.
.br
.SH "BUGS"
Please report any bugs you find to Paul Wilkins <pwilkins@lashwhip.com>.
.br
.SH "LICENCE"
\fBpixelize\fR is covered by the GNU General Public License (GPL), version 2 or later.
.br
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBmake_db\fR(1).
.br
.SH "AUTHOR"
Paul Wilkins <pwilkins@lashwhip.com>
.br
